README.md, before:

# ![CLAW-JSON-LD](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2371345/24964530/f054bddc-1f77-11e7-8b54-d04bb7b2281c.png) JSONLD
[![Build Status][1]](https://travis-ci.com/Islandora-CLAW/jsonld)
[![Contribution Guidelines][2]](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
[![LICENSE][3]](./LICENSE)

## Introduction

JSON-LD Serializer for Drupal 8 and Islandora CLAW.

This module adds a simple Drupal entity to JSON-LD 
`normalizer/serializer/unserializer` service provider and a few supporting 
classes. It depends on RDF module and existing fields to rdf properties 
mappings to do it's job.

## Maintainers

Current maintainers:

* [Diego Pino][4]

## Development

If you would like to contribute, please get involved by attending our weekly 
[Tech Call][5]. We love to hear from you!

If you would like to contribute code to the project, you need to be covered by 
an Islandora Foundation [Contributor License Agreement][6] or 
[Corporate Contributor Licencse Agreement][7]. Please see the [Contributors][8]
 pages on Islandora.ca for more information.

## License

[GPLv2](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt)

[1]: https://travis-ci.org/Islandora-CLAW/jsonld.png?branch=8.x-1.x
[2]: http://img.shields.io/badge/CONTRIBUTING-Guidelines-blue.svg
[3]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv2-blue.svg?style=flat-square
[4]: https://github.com/diegopino
[5]: https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki
[6]: http://islandora.ca/sites/default/files/islandora_cla.pdf
[7]: http://islandora.ca/sites/default/files/islandora_ccla.pdf
[8]: http://islandora.ca/resources/contributors

Commit message:

Add configuration form to remove ?_format=jsonld from @ids

README.md, after:

# ![CLAW-JSON-LD](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2371345/24964530/f054bddc-1f77-11e7-8b54-d04bb7b2281c.png) JSONLD
[![Build Status][1]](https://travis-ci.com/Islandora-CLAW/jsonld)
[![Contribution Guidelines][2]](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
[![LICENSE][3]](./LICENSE)

## Introduction

JSON-LD Serializer for Drupal 8 and Islandora CLAW.

This module adds a simple Drupal entity to JSON-LD 
`normalizer/serializer/unserializer` service provider and a few supporting 
classes. It depends on RDF module and existing fields to rdf properties 
mappings to do it's job.

## Configuration

The JSON-LD normalizer adds a `?_format=jsonld` to all URIs by default.

You can disable this via a checkbox in the Configuration -> Search and Metadata -> JsonLD form.

## Maintainers

Current maintainers:

* [Diego Pino][4]

## Development

If you would like to contribute, please get involved by attending our weekly 
[Tech Call][5]. We love to hear from you!

If you would like to contribute code to the project, you need to be covered by 
an Islandora Foundation [Contributor License Agreement][6] or 
[Corporate Contributor Licencse Agreement][7]. Please see the [Contributors][8]
 pages on Islandora.ca for more information.

## License

[GPLv2](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt)

[1]: https://travis-ci.org/Islandora-CLAW/jsonld.png?branch=8.x-1.x
[2]: http://img.shields.io/badge/CONTRIBUTING-Guidelines-blue.svg
[3]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPLv2-blue.svg?style=flat-square
[4]: https://github.com/diegopino
[5]: https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki
[6]: http://islandora.ca/sites/default/files/islandora_cla.pdf
[7]: http://islandora.ca/sites/default/files/islandora_ccla.pdf
[8]: http://islandora.ca/resources/contributors
